<div markdown class="margin900">

# czJsDoc syntax and structure

:>[c=blue] Both the syntax and the structure can be customized or completely modified. Read the developer guide for more information.

The current jsDoc syntax parser developed and included in this version of czJsDocShowcase takes into account the comments in the JavaScript file that start with /* and end with */ each of its lines starting with the * character, as well as containing at least one jsDoc tag : a word that begins with the @ character.

As a result of reading these comments and tags, the jsDoc parser generates a hierarchical data structure that is represented in the content tree and is also used to display the jsDoc documentation.

Some examples of comments are described below, which allow us to understand how to document a JavaScript file with jsDoc attributes for czJsDocShowcase. Estos ejemplos han sido extraídos de **'../data/czResponsiveGrid/czResponsiveGrid.js'** incluído en los ejemplos de esta documentación.

:>[c=blue] Although it is redundant, it is important to take into account that czJsDocShowcase is designed from the beginning so that it can be customized or expanded, so what is described in this documentation can be modified or expanded by the user as indicated in the Developer Manual included in this documentation.

# Namespaces

A namespace is a node in the documentation content that contains children with other elements of information. 

That is the simpliest definition of a namespace node:

```javascript
/**
* @namespace Configs
* @iconCls fa fa-cog
*/
```

When a namespace is defined, all the following elements will belong to that namespace until a different namespace is defined.

That is a more complex namespace definition:

```javascript
/**
 * Allows to define various aspects of how czResponsiveGrid works
 *
 * @namespace Behaviour
 * @memberOf Configs
 *
 * @documentation
 * These configuration variables define the aesthetic aspect of the values that,
 * because they do not fit in the width of the grid, will be displayed in the body
 * of the row.
 *
 * @noContent true
 * @iconCls fas fa-tools
 * @defaultIconCls fa fa-cog
 * @displayDocAs docWithChildren
 */
```

This namespace contains a description (the text that appears before any @ tag, and some properties, as well as its own documentation.

In this case, what is intended is that this element is not selectable, so @noContent true has been added to it. In this way, if the user clicks on its node in the content tree, the selected node will be the first child that does not have @noContent true.

With @iconCls you define the icon that will be used to display the node and the information element and the tags @defaultIconCls and @displayDocAs that have no effect on this node but are tags that will inherit their children.

It should be noted that some namespace properties are inheritable by their children. In the actual parser, that values are defined in the variable heritableKeysFromNamespace, which can be overwritten by the user (see the developer's manual)

These tags inheritable by children can be redefined in each child, but in the case of children where nothing else is specified, each child of each namespace will inherit the values of those tags from its parent.

The current values of this variable, and therefore the heritable tags, are the following:

```javascript
heritableKeysFromNamespace: [
    'displayDocAs',
    'defaultIconCls',
    'namespaceSeeAlso'
]
```

# The displayDocAs tag

The information is shown using differents viewer and the system is oriented to be easy and possible to override that viewers, or create new ones if needed. 

The actual viewers for czJsDoc documents are: 

- defaultDoc
- docWithChildren

See the documentation for the included sample file and try to view your information with the different viewers to see their behavior and remember, if you need to modify or create new ways to view your documentation, do it yourself using the Developer's Manual or contact the author of czJsDocShowcase. Contact details are readily available in this documentation.

</div>